---
layout: post
title: 'August Downtown Lunch Meeting: 7 (+/- 2) Steps to Agility '
comments:
- id: 917
  author: Amy
  author_email: harbert.amy@principal.com
  author_url: ''
  date: '2012-08-16 08:28:36 -0500'
  date_gmt: '2012-08-16 13:28:36 -0500'
  content: "Can you please confirm the date/time? \r\nYou it listed as - Date/Time:
    Thursday, August 29th from 11:30 AM – 1:00 PM\r\n\r\nWill this meeting be on
    Wed, 8/29 or Thurs, 8/30?\r\n\r\nThanks!"
- id: 919
  author: Laura Millard
  author_email: millard.laura@principal.com
  author_url: ''
  date: '2012-08-16 10:35:52 -0500'
  date_gmt: '2012-08-16 15:35:52 -0500'
  content: Can you clarify if the meeting is Weds the 29th or Thurs the 30th?
- id: 921
  author: Tim Gifford
  author_email: tgifford@gmail.com
  author_url: ''
  date: '2012-08-16 14:47:25 -0500'
  date_gmt: '2012-08-16 19:47:25 -0500'
  content: Sorry for the confusion. It is on Wednesday. I updated the post.
---
<p><strong>Cost:</strong> Free </p>
<p><strong>** Registration is limited to 50 attendees and closes on Friday, August 24th.</strong></p>
<p><strong>Date/Time:</strong> Wednesday, August 29th from 11:30 AM - 1:00 PM</p>
<p>Lunch is <strong>*not*</strong> provided. Please bring a bag lunch.</p>
<p><strong>Location:</strong><br />
Nationwide - Des Moines Regional Office<br />
1100 Locust Street<br />
Des Moines, IA<br />
50391</p>
<p><strong>Speaker:</strong> Tim Gifford</p>
<p><strong>Topic:</strong> 7 (+/- 2) Steps to Agility </p>
<div>This presentation provides a clear path for your agile project by using a handful of simple steps. Don't expect an ambiguous restatement of the Agile Manifesto. You will learn specific steps that will challenge your team and delight your customers.</div>
<p><strong>About the speaker:</strong></p>
<p>After years of striving to improve requirements, technical specifications and the accuracy of his estimates, Tim Gifford discovered a better way to deliver software. And in 2004, he began teaching others how to do it.</p>
<p>Tim teaches the nuances of creating executable business requirements that validate software and nearly eliminate defects. He’s trained teams in both the United States and India on how to automate tests and deployments to reduce the time to market, minimize support and maximize new features.</p>
<p>He enjoys cooking and spending time with this wife and their three children. Tim is a consummate learner and after putting the kids to bed at night, he enjoys listening to podcasts, reading books and learning new techniques that challenge traditional thinking.</p>
<p><strong>Directions:</strong></p>
<p><strong>Coming from the West</strong>:<br />
Merge onto I-235 E heading towards Down Town<br />
Take exit 6 for 31st St toward Terrace Hill/Historic Site<br />
Turn right onto 31st St<br />
Turn left onto Grand Ave<br />
Continue onto Locust St<br />
Destination will be on the right</p>
<p><strong>Coming from the East</strong>:<br />
Merge onto I-235 W heading towards Down Town<br />
Take the exit toward 3rd St<br />
Keep right at the fork, follow signs for 3rd St and merge onto 3rd St<br />
Turn right onto Grand Ave<br />
Turn left onto 13th St<br />
Take the 1st left onto Locust St<br />
Destination will be on the right</p>
<p><strong>Parking</strong>:<br />
Please feel free to park in the parking garage located on 11th and Mulberry. There is also metered street parking available in front of Nationwide on Locust. **If you park in the parking garage please take a ticket and have security validate for you before you leave. If you choose to park in the parking garage you will need to walk down to the east side security desk and check in with the office.</p>
